---
title: "Writing"
author: "Craig Linscott"
date: "2022-12-10"
---

I have to say that writing is a strange looking word. The English language as a whole is. Writing should really have two t’s. Writting. This looks far more authoritative. Writing does not even sound as it is written. See those two t’s there, that is authority. The Written word in writing. It just does not look right.

I am writing away. I have a couple of projects on the go. This is intentional as I find my mind focuses poorly. Leaving myself many avenues to be productive is useful. Do I write my eon spanning fantasy epic? My popcorn munching space odyssey? My deep thinking political thriller?

I need to keep my mind fresh on what to write lest it grow stagnant. I have found that ideas, concepts, ways of writing have begun to bleed into all the stories. What I did not realize, was that I have been searching for my voice. Which once again is a very strange concept.

How can one have a voice in a medium without sound? Syntax would be more appropriate. Perhaps this is my other writing project bleeding in as well. For you see, I also write code. Only a pittance of JavaScript at the moment. Need to keep the mind guessing.

Biggest news on the writing front is that draft one of book one of the eon spanning fantasy epic is done. Currently working on draft one of book two, which is coming along nicely. Draft One of Book One has been sent to some Alpha readers. Hopefully they find lots wrong with it so I will be able to fix all the mistakes.

Mistakes once again. They really are the only way to learn. Make mistakes, do the things. If you do not, well then, you do nothing. While doing nothing can be enjoyable for a time, it does so eventually weigh on the mind and body.
